Italian telephony is tragic
juan lac gentlemen here and not only races
with this new grid again on ropes
time to su ridens did this to me
new blitz near the tank where
my friend just has positioned me
we can do a round brothel
without easy and effortlessly
for now i will explain how to do it e
In fact, I will illustrate the advantages a bit
of this wonderful pitch
first we will have to activate the
tank and show him around
full
as you can see, it was we activate it
I feel the part but obviously I take photos
full
then we'll have to get a pastor later
enhanced because it will open precisely for
continue fast in the rounds is
ours must be clear and strengthened
place in that corner where I am
I'm putting in a month we have to
show I have to go to the bottom
being there the zombies don't
then they will reach you will see that i
domains won't take us by shooting
a loaded shot of yours
weakened we could destroy them
continue in the fast way for
ammunition
obviously you can take the bonuses
everything will not be this gray very well
like net and now they regroup and then later
making a small load they hover
all the zombies can be that
they will slap you but you know the
already paid well then the
glitch is finished values ​​I want
thank on many though invited to
do this 6 video you liked
I advise you to write that you have of
put a nice I like a hello to everyone
here and gaius bella
maximum energy levels